supposed to pause here and welcome to as
you can tell by the title we are growing
up with some more 50k packs I no ei have
released them today I'm not sure how
long there are left with him but when I
checked a couple of hours ago there were
12 hours remaining so I know for a fact
they're going to be there this is this
week's team of the week I didn't want to
show you the legends again because I'm
sure by now you've had the legend
drilled into ahead and this is the man
that I'm after center defensive mid he
is going to be going for a crazy amount
simply because of his position change to
essential defensive midfielder as well
as that then we also have at Jesus Navas
his normal card alone is absolutely
insane I've got him in both of my squads
on my two accounts and his Informer I
can imagine is going to be absolutely
incredible so hopefully like last time
we've got it's an unlimited amount of 50
k-pax let's have a look here opened five
the other day to limit us down to toad
no so if you have seen my other 50k
video 50k pack opening video the other
day you will have seen that he agent
actually give you a limitation on how
many 50 capex you can open and my pad
lock in those packs was absolutely
ridiculous but this time round Cree Cree
cry all day we only got two packs so I
don't open any some pet remaining that's
too attitude so I haven't touched any
whatsoever today so far but come on give
me in in get this chameleon form please
I beg you yeah just give me if I got a
legend oh my god I hit the roof during
the video I don't care i would go
absolutely insane Hooper got Diego 84
rated Diego that's not a bad pack a mean
we've got Schneider 84 rated in LA but
we did have a lot better the other day
so hopefully fingers crossed no one
there were that too much or discard that
for three thousand coins and we've got
one remaining 150 k pack remaining let's
see who who forgot who we got I
feel like we should like to have a drum
roll here or something but 250k pays
yang where did your generosity from the
other night disappear to in this pack
we've got Cavani I will take I will take
that that is and at Lucas and Alex so we
got pretty much where the hell is he
there is what the hell's going on so we
got Lucas Cavani and Alex that is a
really really good pack I do like that
for a 50k pack 87 or a Miele Balotelli
brillion there is a really nice pack
thank you what the fuck they doing
downstairs anyway that is all we have
time for because we've only allowed to
open two packs during this idiot I do
video hope you have enjoyed it if you
have them please don't leave a like if
we can smash it 2,000 likes as always
that would be absolutely insane and from
an excellent i'll be speaking to you
later take care